Rename Aqua to AIR, move AVM from FCE (#99)
fluencelabs/air: README.md

## Fluence stack

> Fluence [nodes](https://github.com/fluencelabs/fluence) use Aqua to coordinate requests between different services run by [FCE](https://github.com/fluencelabs/fce):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluence [nodes](https://github.com/fluencelabs/fluence) uses AIR to coordinate requests between different services run by [Marine](https://github.com/fluencelabs/marine):
```
